We are generating news from people over there,
I found the history man there and recognized it in his heart.
Really, is the news reliable?
There are pictures and positive facts, and I even went with you to check them out.
That woman first appeared on Shi Han's show that day,
In order to protect him, Shi Han
He was specially allowed to speak in tongues.
It’s really rare to find a woman who can make a historical figure move.
What is his name? What is his name?
a little curious
See for yourself, see Zaza
That is, on a medium film
Her name is Tang Yao
She is the daughter of a small entrepreneur
It looks really nice from the front, right?
This figure rises up from the sky, but it seems to have some clues.
Are you sure this is the same person?
There should be no mistake
Look at the front of this photo
And that face of memory
He still looks like a good guy.
This time I want to go to Shengyitang in person
Give this woman to you, give it to me, give it to you, give it to you
Dad, jealousy, how can I get you into you?
I can't control it this way
All I want is for women to be used by us. Don’t worry.
Sorry, this kind of woman is the most suitable
There is a way to be disappointed with your status